now how about friends friend treatment
verónica lópez of vero crafts and
I am happy because I am again
here in your favorite store landis
supposedly a big distributor here in
the gabilondo colony where we can
find a variety of items
wonderful and beautiful and cool
beautiful I love this store there is a
variety of papers the truth is so
divine this colors I love me
love are these papers of
cute birthday there is a role that I
like it a lot because car is causing everything
what is as if it were painted from
blackboard painting everything black you
they put colorful jokes and everything
love this role that brings that that
I loved that design but I loved it
let's work with a paper
wonderful
what is that
this paper is divine
bright chevron I love paper
reversible that is this that we have of
this side that is fuchsia with green the
kraft paper and the role of this current
that this is also one of the roles
cute that of course we are going to
find here on the landing and then
good there is this other side what they are
the marine papers that are very
fashion right now the striped cakes
also the paper that is external that what
they ask a lot
of sports football could be and so
well there is a great variety and when
work let's work some flowers very
very nice to make a detail
wonderful that not only the paper what
you can use in wrappers we're going to
make other nice details with the
same papers from here from before by
course and what do you think about it always
We are with this wonderful wrap
I love I love it because it 's a bun
so simple that there's nothing more
what is this paper
chevron bright what is here too
we use reversible paper and for
course the bright water paper that
you see a balloon a few feathers that is what
who has here landis who always bring
news to the store then there are some
feathers of all colors and that you see
pretty in what are our wrappings
and then here too
if you see we made the flowers with the
papers here is what is water is
on bright chevron paper
and here we have the flowers here is
one is the other and the one of the paper
reversible that we leave here
here for example not nothing else we can
make the flowers with the reversible paper
here we use with the paper that
we returned the box we also made flowers
check is the water is the reversible
and there is the bright chevron then the
flowers are the same paper
and apart I love it because it's glam and
always goes to the forefront with all the
novel things that we can use to
the wrappings for the arrangements the
centerpieces the costumes what I know
these wonderful feathers that I the
grabbed that already if they are complete but to
I love to take them away that nothing else
I see a little touch on top of the pen
what is done
this wrap with a detail that I'm
speaking but it is that the mind is like that and
see or show it so it's done
well this way and we take away the
excess of feathers we cut
if we want it smaller or so
So we put the silicone on it and it's
we arrange it we eat it where we want
put it and separate it into a dough and greens and
yellow name there is a great variety
of very colorful colors but he showed them
this the yellow and orange purple fuchsia
the green red the blue king blue sky
rosita for everyone there are colors to make
the baby wrappings there are colors
to make is from our wrappers with
the most colorful colors then and
apart they have them in promotions
I love are new articles and
they have in promotion as one can not
be possible from dandy channel
so much good yes yes now we are going to
grab what are our flowers here
I already put one down here on the other
right then we are going to
add these others that I already have we have
made and we 're going to put them here in
our bow we are going to put what is a
water paper reversible paper
here in the middle and the bright chevron
Y
what are you 3
they go here
the truth this is one of the wrappings
years are going to say see tito you love
I really love all the
wraps because you have to create there are
do different things even if they are
same materials but encourage us to do
different things here if they see the bow
I separated it with these little flowers where
You see very cute then this one has to
encourage us to do something different with
all the materials that are in landis and
the paper to basile to wrap does not work
to make flowers and do something
really cool is here we already have this
ziline wrap
and see that we suffer in our flowers
I am happy here because we are not going to
use what is more and more and more
materials that anise has is a
baby card for where since
we have our gift then why not
know who gave it to me there are so many
guests that we want to know who
this wonderful gift so with a
baby card so we have here
of course in landis and with those that we
agrees or is it a card that
combine with our papers and you see
very nice
Well, these are two more creations
and that our friends from landis
course they give us for all of you
some flowers a different wrap
here look at the detail of the flowers in
wrap and well here that does not want
give away chocolates please whoever does not
he likes both boyfriends and
brides to the mommies we all love
the chocolates then we are going to
give away what is this beautiful vessel
of flowers with chocolates
What else do I want? I want to eat them
by god or right now the video is over
and I eat it as a friend veronica lópez
of handicrafts to see or the tiliches of
Fatima happy because I'm happy
again here with you in land is a
a wonderful distributor where
they sell balloons
come please have to meet
landis take everything to your house and
Then start selling to create your own
business and many thanks kisses
millionaire blessings and then here the
we wait in landis in the colony
gabilondo of course